alright another issue new people often
encounter of a scratch life especially
the CDJ users or people that use CD
players is how come when they load a
track and we'll just load any old trick
it has a minus time right here and if
you put the needle at the beginning of
the vinyl or you press play on your
scene ej timer it plays and it starts
counting down but you don't see any
waveform here and the negative time
actually counts up so what is causing
this issue well in the setup menu on the
vinyl control tab there are these two
knobs right here labeled vinyl start
offset these were implemented mainly
from the vinyl DJ's to prevent Q burn on
their control records because obviously
with scratch like you're using the same
record for every song you play and you
know it's vinyl DJ so they like to put
the nail at the beginning and you know
stretch and cue it up and whatnot and
back to the beginning that causes cuber
and on vinyl so those knobs were
implemented to push the start of the
track further into the vinyl so
effectively skipping over the cue burn
part of the vinyl however this causes
some confusions and issues with the new
users a little hesitancy a problem
because it's not really a problem
scratch lab is working as it should
people just don't know all the ins and
outs of all the options and whatnot
anyway so what you're going to want to
do is turn these now it's back down to
zero zero zero and zero this first knob
controls the minutes the second map
controls the second so just to FYI you
can move the vinyl anywhere up to 10
minutes and basically 11 minutes 59.4
seconds into the vinyl or CD so if your
tracks are starting with the negative
time and you have to scroll really far
into the vinyl or the CD to get it to
begin playing check the vinyl start
offset knobs in the side menu and if
they are turned up just turn them back
down to the left until they're both on
zero for each one and then your tracks
load and start at the beginning of the
vinyl or CD J
as you should expect in two so that is
the problem the vinyl start off sat navs
make sure they are on 0 and 0